README.md, before:

<h1 style="text-align: center;">Rudy's Rangers Repository, TikTok Techjam 2025</h1>
<h2 style="text-align: center;">Chosen Problem Statment: Filtering the Noise: ML for Trustworthy Location Reviews</h2>

### Authors

1. Soo Weng Kit
2. Tian Fengyao (Kyrie)
3. Lee Chun Wayne
4. Shane Vivek Bharathan
5. Chen Runjia (Rudy)

### Citations

#### FastText
```
@article{bojanowski2017enriching,
  title={Enriching Word Vectors with Subword Information},
  author={Bojanowski, Piotr and Grave, Edouard and Joulin, Armand and Mikolov, Tomas},
  journal={Transactions of the Association for Computational Linguistics},
  volume={5},
  year={2017},
  issn={2307-387X},
  pages={135--146}
}
```

```
@article{bojanowski2017enriching,
  title={Enriching Word Vectors with Subword Information},
  author={Bojanowski, Piotr and Grave, Edouard and Joulin, Armand and Mikolov, Tomas},
  journal={Transactions of the Association for Computational Linguistics},
  volume={5},
  year={2017},
  issn={2307-387X},
  pages={135--146}
}
```

```
@article{joulin2016fasttext,
  title={FastText.zip: Compressing text classification models},
  author={Joulin, Armand and Grave, Edouard and Bojanowski, Piotr and Douze, Matthijs and J{\'e}gou, H{\'e}rve and Mikolov, Tomas},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:1612.03651},
  year={2016}
}
```

#### Internet Violence Study (InViS) Dataset
```
@data{DVN/ANGOX0_2025,
author = {Golbeck, Jen},
publisher = {Harvard Dataverse},
title = {{Internet Violence Study (InViS) Dataset}},
year = {2025},
version = {V1},
doi = {10.7910/DVN/ANGOX0},
url = {https://doi.org/10.7910/DVN/ANGOX0}
}
```

#### ToxiGen Dataset
```
@inproceedings{hartvigsen2022toxigen,
  title={ToxiGen: A Large-Scale Machine-Generated Dataset for Implicit and Adversarial Hate Speech Detection},
  author={Hartvigsen, Thomas and Gabriel, Saadia and Palangi, Hamid and Sap, Maarten and Ray, Dipankar and Kamar, Ece},
  booktitle={Proceedings of the 60th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics},
  year={2022}
}
```

#### Twitter Toxic Comments Dataset
```
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/mrmorj/hate-speech-and-offensive-language-dataset?utm_source=chatgpt.com
```

#### Jigsaw Dataet
```
@misc{jigsaw-toxic-comment-classification-challenge,
    author = {cjadams and Jeffrey Sorensen and Julia Elliott and Lucas Dixon and Mark McDonald and nithum and Will Cukierski},
    title = {Toxic Comment Classification Challenge},
    year = {2017},
    howpublished = {\url{https://kaggle.com/competitions/jigsaw-toxic-comment-classification-challenge}},
    note = {Kaggle}
}
```

Commit message:

chore: updated README - short disclaimer on Jigsaw dataset
feat: twitter dataset preparation completed

README.md, after:

<h1 style="text-align: center;">Rudy's Rangers Repository, TikTok Techjam 2025</h1>
<h2 style="text-align: center;">Chosen Problem Statment: Filtering the Noise: ML for Trustworthy Location Reviews</h2>

### Authors

1. Soo Weng Kit
2. Tian Fengyao (Kyrie)
3. Lee Chun Wayne
4. Shane Vivek Bharathan
5. Chen Runjia (Rudy)

### Citations

#### FastText
```
@article{bojanowski2017enriching,
  title={Enriching Word Vectors with Subword Information},
  author={Bojanowski, Piotr and Grave, Edouard and Joulin, Armand and Mikolov, Tomas},
  journal={Transactions of the Association for Computational Linguistics},
  volume={5},
  year={2017},
  issn={2307-387X},
  pages={135--146}
}
```

```
@article{bojanowski2017enriching,
  title={Enriching Word Vectors with Subword Information},
  author={Bojanowski, Piotr and Grave, Edouard and Joulin, Armand and Mikolov, Tomas},
  journal={Transactions of the Association for Computational Linguistics},
  volume={5},
  year={2017},
  issn={2307-387X},
  pages={135--146}
}
```

```
@article{joulin2016fasttext,
  title={FastText.zip: Compressing text classification models},
  author={Joulin, Armand and Grave, Edouard and Bojanowski, Piotr and Douze, Matthijs and J{\'e}gou, H{\'e}rve and Mikolov, Tomas},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:1612.03651},
  year={2016}
}
```

#### Internet Violence Study (InViS) Dataset
```
@data{DVN/ANGOX0_2025,
author = {Golbeck, Jen},
publisher = {Harvard Dataverse},
title = {{Internet Violence Study (InViS) Dataset}},
year = {2025},
version = {V1},
doi = {10.7910/DVN/ANGOX0},
url = {https://doi.org/10.7910/DVN/ANGOX0}
}
```

#### ToxiGen Dataset
```
@inproceedings{hartvigsen2022toxigen,
  title={ToxiGen: A Large-Scale Machine-Generated Dataset for Implicit and Adversarial Hate Speech Detection},
  author={Hartvigsen, Thomas and Gabriel, Saadia and Palangi, Hamid and Sap, Maarten and Ray, Dipankar and Kamar, Ece},
  booktitle={Proceedings of the 60th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics},
  year={2022}
}
```

#### Twitter Toxic Comments Dataset
```
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/mrmorj/hate-speech-and-offensive-language-dataset?utm_source=chatgpt.com
```

#### Jigsaw Dataet
Please note that this dataset is **NOT** to be used for reproduction or commerical purposes. We have used it here for academic purposes in accordance with the usage policy prescribed by Jigsaw.
```
@misc{jigsaw-toxic-comment-classification-challenge,
    author = {cjadams and Jeffrey Sorensen and Julia Elliott and Lucas Dixon and Mark McDonald and nithum and Will Cukierski},
    title = {Toxic Comment Classification Challenge},
    year = {2017},
    howpublished = {\url{https://kaggle.com/competitions/jigsaw-toxic-comment-classification-challenge}},
    note = {Kaggle}
}
```
